Tigubot.com and its affilliates, creators, sponsors, or anyone associated with this program are not responsible for any losses and/or missed gains that may incur from any use of this program, whether directly or indirectly.  

A misconfigured bot can cause losses, missed gains, incorrect purchases, etc. It is highly recommended that you carefully check, and recheck, that all settings have been entered correctly, before loading the configuration settings to your local sytstem.

Trading carries a high level of risk, and losses and/or missed gains can/will occur even if the bot has been configured correctly. For example, but not limited to, sudden shifts in the market may occur which causes the cost of assets to increase or decrease beyond your respective settings and or previously purchased/sold assets. Tigubot.com and its affilliates are not responsible for any of these losses and/or missed gains which may occur from any of your trading activities.

It is your responsbility as a user to do your own research and analyze the market to determine the best entry/exit points. Tigubot.com is simply a tool which assists a user in making trades. It does not in any shape/form/manner provide any guidance on how/when/why to trade. All of those decisions rest with the user.

The bot should be monitored at all timers by the user to ensure that it is operating within the user's expected guidelines.

The user should review the github repository to ensure they are satisfied with the client code being placed on their local system and also ensure that they review anny additional github commits before downloading those changes to their local system.

All assets are held locally by the users wallet. Tigubot.com does not take any responsbility for any compromises of those wallets and stresses that the user should take all precautions related to wallet security as necessary and recommended in this age of cryptocurrency.

Tigubot.com operates on the Star Atlas Galaxy Marketplace. All trades that have been placed can be seen and accceseed through play.staratlas.com/marketplace. This also means that if the bot has been deactivated or disconnected through any means, the user may need to manually cancel any bids that have been placed.

Any/all users of Tigubot.com must follow the Star Atlas terms of service located here https://staratlas.com/terms-of-service. Specifically, all users should be acutely aware of Section 3.4(e) which explicilty forbids users from "engag[ing] in manipulative activity that violates the integrity of the prices of assets on the Marketplace...". A good rule of thumb is that any order which is placed on the Galaxy Marketplace should be a bonefide purchase/sell order, e.g. there is actual intent to buy/sell the asset tied with that purchase/sell order. Any violation of any terms of the Star Atlas terms of service will result in immediate suspension and termination of any API keys with no refund. All violations will also be reported to Star Atlas. 